---
title: Seed 0100100101101100
author: sapphire
pubDatetime: 2024-09-10T00:11:52
slug: Seed 01001001010101001
featured: false
draft: false
tags:
  - Creepypasta
  - Minecraft 1.14.0 Snap
description:
  The Mysterious seed that can show many phenomenal incidents
---

After putting the mysterious seed on the world generator.I spawned on the terrains and its was grass biome. Everything was normal at the first, like the sun is on his cycle or the mobs are acting normal, Then i made my basic items such as pickaxe or chopping the tree etc,Eventually i made a small home and a path to mine Everything was perfect. After mining i got some of iron and made a Iron chestplate and pant armor set. But later something unexplainable phenomenon began to happen. First all of the nearby cows started to make the sounds that sheep make, and I find the weird on it but eventually then stopped making that sound. i thought maybe its was some error Later, when I was in the cave to find the trace of mineshaft , Suddenly all my torches stopped shining.I mean the torchs are not completed dead but the glowness became dime,i thought replacing them would work, but they didn't make light either! I became scared and evacuate the cave to protect myself  When I returned home, I noticed that some of my blocks were replaced with stone (My house was made of birch planks.) i thought at first the enderman did this, but i brought them back normal after hunting from the forest i saw  the whole house is replaced with stone At that moment I began to believe that is this happening because of the seeds.. But I had to beat Minecraft, so I continued playing. I went to bed, but when I woke up, I WOKE UP IN A FOREST!! I was a completly scared eventually i peed my pant, but I decided to look for my house. I didn't find anything except trees and grass. I decided to make a new mine, to get some more iron and coal. But while I was mining, my pickaxe suddenly broke, even though it had just been crafted, and I had just started to mine! I made a new one, and continued mining. But I had a feeling that I was being watched by someone....

I was mining all night, and when I came out of the mine, I saw that I am in a desert now, BUT HOW!? How could I and my mine get teleported to another biome? Whatever i thought its game.. I got some sand for glass, and started looking for a forest to get some wood. I ran around the desert for 20 minutes looking for a forest and finally found one. I got 3 stacks of planks, and when I cut down another tree, I turned around and saw that right behind me, was a completely different biome. It was a swamp biome. I turned around to get some more wood from the tree, but I didn't see the forest. "THIS CAN’T BE HAPPENING!!!" I screamed. When I was looking for a place to build my house, I saw a strange-looking figure not very far away. It was a Steve skin with a pink and black face and pink and black hands. His left hand was pink, and right hand was black. Now I was really scared. Something was watching me on this seed.. I decided not to run over to him, because I was too scared. I decided to leave it there, and go look for a cave to get some iron. I turned around to see if this player was following me, and yes! HE WAS FOLLOWING ME! I started to run away, and this player started to run after me! Finally I found a cave and hid in there. I started to mine, I found some iron, made an iron pickaxe, and then I FOUND DIAMONDS! YAY! I turned around and saw this player again. He was staring at me. I decided to kill it, but it was invincible! He had infinite health! I decided to go further, and mine some more. Everything was good, except for that weird player, I got some more diamonds though! And then saw this player again! He was standing and staring at me! I decided to dig my way up because I didn’t want to get too close to him, cuz I hit him couple minutes ago, and you never know what can happen.

I started to dig my way up, but suddenly all of the stone changed to bedrock. And this player just stood and looked at me. He slowly started moving towards me, and when he was about 1 block away from me, he hit me. The world crashed with error "0100101100010101101 i am watching you". Then I saw a world which had the name of my address.. I clicked it and my pc crashed... later i found out that this unknown and mysterious entity fried my ram now i have to replace my whole pc..

Moral: The entity may stare you from the further but if you try to approach to him he will run but if you chase behind him he will go fews path then stop running and gonna look around and become hostile then start to attack you back at any costs

Keep that mind he is harmless until you chase after him

----
